rlzrs: A coq library for abstract realizability. The only dependency is ssreflect. It is tested with coq version 8.8 and ssreflect version 1.7. To install the library, copy its files to the user-contrib folder of your coq installation, run "coq_makefile -f _CoqProject -o Makefile" to generate a makefile, then run make and you are all set.

------------------------------------

This library used to be part of my coqrep library, but I found it also useful in other applications so I decided to separate it. It consists of two parts, the first one is a formalization of multi-valued functions which can separately be used by Importing all_mf. It is completely axiom free, additional parts that rely on classical reasoning and choice axioms can be found in the files classical_mf.v and choice_mf.v and have to be imported separately. One word of warning: mf replaces the ssreflect notation \o for function composition by \o_f.

The second part features very intersting names! The main object is a pair of sets Q and A with a surjective multivalued function going from Q to A. This is called an interview. The names Q and A are for "questions" and "answers" and one way to think about this is that the function, called the "conversation" assigns to some questions a set of answers. The interviewed person may not speak without being asked, thus the conversation is surjective. On the other hand the interviewer may not get an answer to all of his questions, so the conversation need not be total and also may get different answers on repeaded questions. Thus the conversation may be multivalued. If it is singlevalued it is called a dictionary. Makes sense, right?

The part about dictionaries assumes Functional extensionality, so if you want to work axiom-free you should avoid it and import only the all_ntrvw.v file instead of all_rlzrs.v file.